I use this repository to track changes to the random scripts and utilities I
use on various machines. Note that development to some of these scripts happens
in a private repo, so you may be looking at an older copy here. If in doubt,
email me and I can provide you with the latest version. Some of these scripts
are example code or my own experimentation, so yes, some of this code has no
purpose. Unless otherwise noted, all code in this repository is licensed under
a CC BY 3.0 licence (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). You are free
to use this code for any purpose provided you retain attribution to the
original author, Matthew Fernandez <matthew.fernandez@gmail.com>.

ABC News 24.py - Script for watching ABC News 24 with mplayer.
addcert.sh - Tool for adding an SSL certificate to multiple sources on a
    system.
auto-commit.sh - A script for automatically syncing a git repository across
    machines.
bashd.sh - A script for connecting bash to a local port. Handy for probing
    environments where you don't have a PTY.
bitbucket-ls.sh - The BitBucket equivalent of github-ls.sh.
config/ - Directory for containing my shared configuration settings.
dd.sh - Wrapper around dd to provide progress output.
find-broken.sh - A script for finding broken symlinks.
fwdmail.py - A script for forwarding your local mail to an external address.
fuckit-cc - A script for violently suppressing errors in your C code.
    Considered harmful.
generate-passwd - A script for generating random passwords.
git-stree - Git subtree helper (WIP).
github-ls.sh - A script for listing the names of all your github repos. I use
    this to generate a manifest to pass to my backup script.
giveem.sh - Creates a setuid binary for a given shell command. This is a quick
    hack to give someone else the ability to run commands as you. Handy on a
    system where you're collaborating with someone and neither of you have
    sudo. Obviously it's pretty easy to shoot yourself in the foot with this
    one, so tread carefully.
has-changed.sh - A bash script for monitoring updates to a given webpage.
have-lib.sh - A bash script to check for the existence of a library (handy for
    Makefiles).
internal/ - A directory for scripts for managing operations specific to this
    repository.
internal/install.sh - A script to symlink all the relevant bits I use into my
    ~/bin directory.
lottery.py - Hastily written script for choosing random system users.
mediad.py - Quick daemon for remotely controlling mplayer.
misc/ - A directory for miscellaneous half-finished bits or tools that I don't
    actually deploy anywhere, but like to track changes to.
misc/alloc/ - Fragments of a half-finished allocation library.
misc/alloc-monitor.c - Yet another LD_PRELOAD hack for instrumenting calls to
    malloc and free.
misc/balloon.c - A memory balloon application.
misc/cat.bf - An implementation of cat in brainfuck for fun and profit.
misc/detectvm.c - Code to detect whether it is running in a virtual machine or
    natively.
misc/error-handling.c - An example (experiment?) of out-of-line error handling
    in C.
misc/is-bound.c - Program for checking whether a socket is currently bound.
misc/linked_list.[ch] - An implementation of a linked list in C. This was some
    code from when I was learning C. If you want a linked list, you are
    probably better served by rolling your own.
misc/lock-monitor/ - A tool for catching deadlock and livelock issues.
misc/lubuntu/ - Some files related to setting up a nicer configuration on
    Lubuntu.
misc/macros.h - A header file of handy C macros.
misc/mem-exec.c - Utility for testing executability of memory regions.
misc/memset.c - Various memset implementations.
misc/overloading.c - Function overloading in C. Betcha thought it was
    impossible.
misc/probe-mmap.c - Determine the dimensions of your mmap region.
misc/puts-ldpreload-example.c - A nice simple example of an LD_PRELOAD hack.
    These tricks are useful for instrumenting closed source programs.
misc/ram-churn.c - A utility for pushing all running processes' pages to disk
    (i.e. evicting them from RAM).
misc/recover.c - Program for recovering files from damaged disks.
misc/RTL8192CU_kernel_2.6.38.patch - If you have a Realtek RTL8192CU wireless
    device and have attempted to use it on Linux, you will have discovered that
    the Realtek driver doesn't compile under any kernel after 2.6.35. This patch
    fixes the driver for 2.6.38. If you've got the RAR archive from Realtek, the
    best approach is to extract it, run the install.sh script, when it fails
    modify the script to comment out the tar zxvf line, apply the patch, re-run
    the script. There's an in-kernel driver in the staging tree scheduled for
    inclusion in the 2.6.39 so this patch shouldn't be relevant for long.
misc/sizeofs.sh - A script for doing more advanced sizeof operations on C
    entities that are not known at compile time.
misc/stack-smash-hello-world.c - Hello world written using a stack smashing
    attack.
misc/ubuntu/ - Some files related to configuring Ubuntu to be a bit nicer.
mediawatch.py - A python script I use for monitoring directories on various
    servers that I administer. It's designed to be run as a cron job that scans
    a set of directories and notifies you of any changes observed since its
    last scan.
mplayerfs - Wrapper for starting mplayer in full screen mode and accounting for
    network playback.
notify-send-wrapper.sh - A way to call notify-send from a crontab or other
    restricted environment.
npq.sh - Check a print queue and send a notification to the desktop.
ppa-install - Wrapper for installing PPA-hosted packages in Ubuntu.
prefix - Preface each output line from a command with some given text.
reroute.py - Shortcut gateway.
reset-perms.sh - Script for reseting the permissions on a folder recursively.
    This is awkward to do with chmod when you want to set different permissions
    for the directories and files.
search - Bash script for doing a souped up `which`.
sendmail.py - Script for sending mail from the command line. I got tired of
    configuring Postfix and other MTAs, when all I wanted to do was script a
    simple email.
timestamp - Timestamp console stdout.
toggle-screensaver - A script for enabling and disabling the Gnome screensaver.
vimall.sh - Quick way of opening everything in a directory in vim.
